DNET: "freeze" a server for testing (#2818)
bitburner-official/bitburner-src: markdown/bitburner.darknet.md

Note that the session granted is only for the current script instance (by PID) - other running scripts will need to use connectToSession with the correct password to also get a session with the target server.

</td></tr>
<tr><td>

[freezeServer(host)](./bitburner.darknet.freezeserver.md)

</td><td>

> Overloads a darknet server with feedback to lock it down. It will no longer move or go offline. However, it also loses all of its connections (excluding the one to the script's current server), and all of its max ram, and no longer gives experience.

Reviewer: I don't think connections should be changed. Connections can still be added/removed by servers around it moving, so thematically it doesn't really make sense. And (mostly) isolating the server runs counter to the purpose of having this become an auth testing platform.

> Overloads a darknet server with feedback to lock it down. It will no longer move or go offline. However, it also loses all of its connections (excluding the one to the script's current server), and all of its max ram, and no longer gives experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Overloads a darknet server with feedback to lock it down. Similar to status link, it will no longer move or go offline, although servers connected to it may still move. However, it also loses all of its max ram, and no longer gives experience.
```
